Adding TNS resources for Monitoring (#2020)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/107-monitoring/readme.md

> # Monitoring
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://thenewstack.io/the-hows-whys-and-whats-of-monitoring-microservices/'>The Hows, Whys and Whats of Monitoring Microservices</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://thenewstack.io/how-to-choose-the-right-kubernetes-monitoring-tool/'>How to Choose the Right Kubernetes Monitoring Tool</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monitoring

DevOps monitoring entails overseeing the entire development process from planning, development, integration and testing, deployment, and operations. It involves a complete and real-time view of the status of applications, services, and infrastructure in the production environment. Features such as real-time streaming, historical replay, and visualizations are critical components of application and service monitoring.

<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.atlassian.com/devops/devops-tools/devops-monitoring'>DevOps Monitoring</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://thenewstack.io/the-hows-whys-and-whats-of-monitoring-microservices/'>The Hows, Whys and Whats of Monitoring Microservices</BadgeLink>
```
